hi everyone around the world Lazlo
Montgomery here thanks for downloading
this episode of the China history
podcast we're available for you 24/7
from the China History podcast.com and
thanks to listener email in Stockholm
Sweden the broken links to see HP
episode 7 and 23 are now fixed so if you
want to hear the episodes on what's at N
and the northern and southern dynasties
you could check them out my apologies to
anyone who was inconvenienced by that I
have to get my email address up on the
new website y'alls could contact me
anytime at lászló at china history
podcast.com something was wrong with my
itunes store feed but I'm happy to say
after a nudge to the itunes people to
look into this unnatural phenomenon it
spontaneously started working again
Monday morning the 28th not all the
shows are available in the iTunes Store
if you want all 65 Plus this one you'll
have to go to the website at China
history podcast.com and you could
download till your heart's content we're
into our fourth installment of this dung
shopping overview today we're picking up
in the tumultuous year of 1966 the e
revolver came out 1966 this is when the
Cultural Revolution starts and we'll see
all these great ideas then shellping had
and utterances he made earlier decisions
made under fire one by one they all came
back to haunt him I mentioned in part
one after the failure to establish a
Soviet in guanxi 1931 dung hightailed it
back to Shanghai and this too sure
enough this past incident was dredged up
and done he had to answer for the head
again he had to answer to everything
doesn't matter if the cat is black or
white he had the answer for that too so
1966-67 dung was raked over the coals so
let's set this up great leap forward no
words to describe the totality of it and
the extent of the mass suffering suffice
to say when it was all over and the
famines were in full bloom throughout
the land
daang leo and the party center had to
perform triage on the nation
that's what 1959-60 61 were all about no
one was talking too much about economic
expansion and whatnot these were three
bad years and China was just fighting a
break even in these kinds of situations
sometimes you can't keep referring to
the operations manual in order to
stabilize the patient thumb Xiao ping
the O Shao Qi and all their people had
to prescribe a whole bunch of
medications that had been locked away
for over a decade
they started sprinkling incentives all
over the place in order to motivate
people and appeal to their natural
Chinese good common sense and
aspirations guess what things began to
stabilize and gel and the countryside
started to bounce back little by little
and that's how Dunn got himself in
trouble all these guys anyone who took
their eye off the Revolutionary ball and
focused on practical matters instead
ended up getting mangled later on after
the Great Leap Forward mile took a step
back and everyone thought he would just
sort of you know quietly act like a
chairman emeritus you know they'd all to
the last man keep bowing down to Mao you
know pay him his due for his great
achievements up to this time the Great
Leap
everyone knew since Punga why dared to
speak up at lu shan at the Liu Shan Hui
you know the best thing to do the smart
thing to do about the Great Leap keep
your mouth shut your head down look the
other way don't make a big deal about it
so if you can imagine for a second mild
said Doan in the 1960s even after the
Great Leap Forward he knows he's
definitely gonna be written into the
pages of Chinese history he's a modern
day teacher Wong who he admired very
much not surprisingly he's like Leo pang
somalian Lee sure mean Zhu Yuanzhang
like all these guys he brought order out
of chaos in China he was a founding
father of a new Chinese nation and ruled
the country with an iron fist and you
know kept that whole thing together
sometimes with only the force of his
will in his country's people you know
john-boy elevation they worshipped him
and this adoration was mouths elixir of
life this is what he lived for back in
1960 although some foreign nations could
point some fingers at China and say you
know whatever disparaging things that
people of all nations say about each
other
you know to puff themselves up a little
and where they come from
no one was disrespecting China there
were no Treaty of Shimonoseki --zz
treaty and anjing extraterritoriality
foreign legations and all these
reminders of the late Qing period the
early republic
so although miles brand had the taint of
the Great Leap on it he was still
without care the main man in China who
had truly lifted China up and you know
began to erase these past humiliations
no one could take that achievement away
from Mao
but Mao he had certain well-known
character flaws as far as this episode
I'm Tung Xiao ping is concerned the one
thing about mile that really rubbed him
the wrong way was when he said something
and no one paid enough attention to a
guy like mile to have done all he had
done to so clearly be you know the
Emperor and not get his due this really
affected him he didn't like this at all
and that's what the Cultural Revolution
was all about it was a lesson he was
teaching his oldest and closest comrades
it was a lesson that showed who was the
boss and what happens when you
disrespect the boss and don't make him
happy like I said last time Mao the
philosopher the creator of Mao Zedong
Thought the guiding principle for the
Communist Party he was still doing his
thing and pushing the same old ideas but
he saw in the early 60s and into 63 64
1965 it seemed no one in power cared
enough or demonstrated the passion the
the yen on spirit that Mouse still had
for struggle for revolution and for in
general not sitting still to keep on
keeping on and stirring things up
supporting the mast line and these guys
like dung who you know no one could deny
or say anything about their loyalty to
the party in their love of the country
they were untouchable in this respect
but dung
and his ilk and Leo xiaochi was
certainly one they were pragmatists and
willing to bend the rules in order to
get everything sorted out first this
wasn't done in a malicious way Dong's
loyalty to my never be questioned ever
mounted on had been the top guy more or
less since the tunis conference in
mid-january 1935
over three decades mah had been the
elder brother to all these guys and now
after he goofs you know the great leap
fingers are pointed and a lot of
inferences made and no one's willing to
you know share the blame with him little
by little brave voices including Leo
xiaochi put the blame for the great leap
squarely on Mao and no one would admit
they went along for the ride now had
anyone spoken up it would have been like
committing political suicide so they
were damned if they spoke up damn now
that they didn't mouths felt
marginalized and he was determined to
make a comeback and in this comeback lay
the Cultural Revolution here's how it
all started early June 1966 dongs world
completely turned upside down there had
been endless signals that this day was
possibly coming and now here it was it
was like going over the edge of a
waterfall when Mao focused his massive
energy on you there was nothing done
could do and he was completely at Mao's
mercy things started to get out of hand
real fast and the whole matter of
students rebelling against Authority and
everyone rising up Leo and dong saw they
had a tiger by the tail here and the
only one who hit the prestige and
authority and connections to lin bo who
ran the military was of course mom he
was the guy Mao these days was holed up
on the 18th floor of a swanky Shanghai
hotel cafe mansions like John and Yoko
in the Amsterdam Hilton Mao and John
King based themselves there and you know
of course also in Hangzhou and you know
wherever ma was that's where the party
center was so Leo and Duncan running
down to Shanghai and they said you know
hey you know we could use your help we
have this situation in Beijing and
everything is getting serious with the
savagery of these proto
then Mao exact at his revenge he tells
them hey you guys can handle this what
do you need me for
gee nobody needed me all these years now
you have some college protesters and you
asked me to get involved you know I'm
paraphrasing of course
so dung and Leo go back to Beijing
empty-handed and they have to face this
realization that Mao is letting them
dangle Mao makes his big comeback by
doing what else taking a swim across the
Yang's at the Wuhan bridge July 16th
he's back and amidst all the chaos in
the schools he headed back to Beijing
and dung and Leo both get the cold
shoulder and in no uncertain terms my
let them know that so far he didn't
approve of the way they had handled
things with the protests while he was
gone and before they knew it they were
in front of an angry public jammed into
the Great Hall the people right there
off Tiananmen Square dong along with low
and even Joe and like all of them had to
publicly criticize themselves
shortcomings and their wrong decisions
and thinking and everything sort of
exploded from this point on this is when
the Red Guards ran amuck and did their
destructive thing at a massive rally on
August 1st
Mao gave us support for their actions by
symbolically wearing the iconic red
guard armband the violence terror
anarchy racial chauvinism everything the
summer of 1966 it was in full gear
nothing like this had ever happened
before the Red Guards at least for the
time being
seemed to have a blank check in their
hands from the bank of mild set dong and
they pretty much did whatever they
wanted one after another there were
these massive Red Guard rallies millions
mostly young people participated in the
hoopla
took part in smashing old ideas old
culture old customs and old habits by
January 1967 the radicals had taken over
no one was in charge by July 67 it's
looking like China's almost at the
tipping point between anarchy and some
semblance of order by this time the
various
actions of Red Guards began attacking
each other and someone certainly drill
in lie maybe others talk some sense into
MA and the Chairman called in Lin Bo and
told him to put the kibosh and all the
rioting and tone things down with the
red guards by this time dum Xiao ping
and his wife Jolene had been placed
under house arrest they were still
living within the jeongan high
leadership compound Wow
despite allowing the Dunn family to
suffer terrible humiliations and
indignities was still protecting them
and shielding him from the worst of the
Red Guard attacks the five children of
dong Xiao ping and Jolin were sent away
and suffered through a myriad of abuse
from their classmates and in short
everyone in general dongs oldest son pou
Fung was harassed so badly by Red Guards
he ended up jumping out of a window or
perhaps was thrown out of the window
broke his back and remains a paraplegic
to this day currently dunk pool Fung is
a vice chairman of the CPPCC
and retired as chairman of the China
disabled persons Federation in 2008 so
dung late as low as he could
Mao had branded him the quote number two
person and authority pursuing the
capitalist road we all know the number
one was for two years he had no contact
with his children 1968 rolled around and
finally there's some movement on Dung's
case an official investigation was
called for to investigate the crimes of
dung shell pink this is where dung
really gets it he had right endless self
criticisms and continued to endure the
unendurable you remember in 1956 we had
the PATA the 8th Party Congress now it's
13 years later April 69 we have to chill
top and ninth Party Congress the famous
Jota this is the Party Congress that
formally ended the careers of Leo Xiao
Qi and dung Xiao ping or did it well
they all he'd be dead in seven months
and he'd been under house arrest and
suffering the worst possible degradation
but done well
Zhang Sheng wanted him expelled from the
party but Mao he had other ideas he went
along with the radicals who were now
officially ensconced in power and backed
them and relieving Don of all powers but
kicking him out of the CCP mile wasn't
ready to do that yet
a man of thumb shell pings talents were
too hard to find and besides Mao knew in
his heart dongs loyalty was still there
so while mall played God and done play
job things went from bad to worse in
China 1969 this was the year the Soviets
and the Chinese are mauling each other
along the Ussuri River in the frozen
north east the sino-soviet relationship
was so frosty that Mao came up with the
idea to dispatch the key leaders to
various parts of the countryside and
just in case of a Soviet invasion the
key leaders would already be
strategically placed throughout the
country to organize resistance so off
they went
Judah got sent to Guangdong yet yin yang
to Hunan niranjan and China to her
non-genuine Wong John and dung Xiao ping
got sent to the revolutionary province
of gem XI in Ezra Vogel's book he
mentions this was all Lin Qiao's idea
because the paranoid here apparent to
Mao wanted to make sure all these
potential rivals were as far away from
access to Mao as possible whether this
is true who knows but auspiciously right
after limpio and down in flames of the
vast expanse of eastern mongolia in
september 1971 these leaders were all
allowed to go back to beijing but those
years it said from 1969 to 1971 when
Tung lived worked and studied in Chung
she had a lot of time on his hands to
think about China's future a lot of the
plans that he later implemented in the
70s and 80s were formulated during this
period of solitude and reflection by now
he had criticized himself ad nauseam and
had shown enough contrition whereby he
didn't face the kinds of attacks he did
in 1966 and 67
so dung and Jolin went off to live in
Jiangxi you know they went to nan Chong
where good old Joe and Lai had prepared
in advance for their live
working arrangements the family was
reunited little by little
Tunku Fong arrived last in June of 1971
how did he spend his days down the rows
at 6:30 a.m. got ready studied mouths
works for an hour he had breakfast and
then off to work dong and Jolin went now
dung may have been a capitalist rotor at
all but he was still a major celebrity
in China so he was sort of escorted to
his place of work using a special route
and he performed manual labor at the
factory which is nothing new for dung
Xiao ping having worked in France and
all and done all those menial jobs maybe
half a century earlier at the factory he
was simply known as la langue old dung
he and tall Dean you know tended their
own vegetable garden raised chickens
done washed floor's cut firewood and
lived it all together humble lifestyle
after done kou Fong returned home dung
was very hands-on and helping with the
daily care of his now disabled son dung
stepmother lived with the dung family
and prepared the food and oversaw the
upkeep of their house for dung although
this was a humble existence and not
exactly what he was cut out for it kept
him far from the madding crowd in
Beijing and Shanghai was a very quiet
time filled with reflection and planning
for the days that lie ahead dung had to
have thought by now that if he could
just tough it out
surely Mao would bring him back from the
wilderness in the meantime he lived this
routine and according to his daughter
dung Rong would lose himself in thoughts
and they had this garden path around the
house he just walk around the house you
know as much as 40 times you know I'm
along this garden path and would reflect
on the future and you know he did this
month after month for years well while
dung was languishing down in Jiang Shi
Nixon had come and gone and the hole
opening up to the west was now in motion
dung had lots of time on his hands to
think about the whole notion of opening
up to the west and how Western
technology and certain economic systems
could be used to bring China back from
the brink and he saw what was going on
in Japan
Han had totally bounced back
spectacularly from the devastation of
World War two their economic growth in
the 50s and 60s was amazing how is China
now going to duplicate such success how
was China gonna get close enough to the
u.s. to gain all the benefits that Japan
had received from their economic
partnership now we're gonna cover the
whole limpio incident in a future
podcast but in September 1971 he fled
China with his family after an alleged
plot to assassinate Mao and seized power
and a coup d'etat you know after it was
discovered his plane crashed and burned
and with that done lost one big rival
Lin Bo had been China's defense minister
since Pung death wise spoke up and got
canned in 1959 he was miles anointed
successor and after this incident to say
it was a game changer is putting it
mildly August 1973 we have to sure dot
the 10th party Congress called earlier
than scheduled because of the urgency
and also because well frankly by this
time Mao was clearly on his last legs
he still had three more years to go yet
but as well maybe look at one day mouths
last three years were touch-and-go at
best if you remember from one of the
earlier episodes when we discussed
Nixon's visit to China the day Nixon
went to go visit Mao and enters mouth
study which also served as his bedroom
it was filled with medical apparatus
that have been hastily put aside and
shielded from view Mao had to put things
right in March 1972 the first of the
rehabilitation started happening by the
end of 1972 Joe and I had begun to pave
the way for dongs return in February
1973 Doug's chance came when after a
long and contrite letter from dong to
Mao the Chairman gave the okay August
14th 1972 in a letter Mao called for
Dung's return before leaving Jung Shi
dung makes a visit to raegene and the
Soviet base area that was one of mile
crowning achievements and place for dung
had made history on February 20th
nineteen
73 Dungey and his family boarded a train
and this second yunxi period in his life
came to an end he was Beijing bound and
ready to pick up where he left off he
had made his peace with Chairman Mao in
a letter mao appeal to his better sense
into the right thing by bringing dung
Xiao ping back to where he once belonged
to days later dung arrives in Beijing
now Mao had just gone to a lot of
trouble and ruined a lot of lives to
prove a point to dung so even Mao in his
very degenerated State knew he had to
handle this one carefully done slowly
slowly tiptoed back into power Joe and
line now is afflicted with bladder
cancer and has only a couple more years
to live but he engineers dongs return in
a series of Politburo meetings the Gang
of Four has by this time become a force
to reckon with but when they put up
resistance about giving dung any
responsibility and allowing him to
participate at any party meetings to the
highest level Mao overrules them March 9
1973 it's official mile signs a document
which basically says dung is back and
with that the info is disseminated all
the way down to the capillaries of the
party apparatus and with that dung makes
a comeback March 29th 1973 dung meet
smile for the first time in six years in
this meeting Mao makes his peace with
dung and tells him work hard and stay
healthy he then makes dung a vice
premier and Joe has dung begin his
comeback by dealing with foreign affairs
now he was a vice premier but Don was
still not back inside the Politburo yet
however even though not a politburo
member he still said in on the important
meetings he accompanied Joe on many of
the ceremonial jobs involving foreign
dignitaries dong zhuo ping was clearly
being groomed to take over from the
great man who probably knew is long and
full life was nearing its end April 12
1973 dung makes his first
Shoal appearance and with that all the
China watchers all over the world could
see the big guy and the little package
was back down met with Prince Norodom
see look this was a pretty big deal not
meeting with SIA nuk just being in the
public eye you know I mean the last time
Dunn was in the foreign spotlight was
1968 he's been out of the public
spotlight for over half a decade and now
suddenly here he is with no fanfare or
announcement August 1973 we have the
10th Party Congress Gang of Four at the
height of their power sadang and many of
the other leaders disgraced during the
Cultural Revolution are back and slowly
working their way back into power dung
is gradually climbing on to the topmost
rungs of the party but he has junk
chang-jung 2001 homeland y'all when
you're an and come chung constantly
pushing back against him anything he
tries to do my homemade 38 year old Wong
home won first vice chairman which put
him third in party ranking behind Mao
and Joe he was looking to be mouth'
successor he was no fan of Tong Xiao
ping ma by this time was a sick as a dog
all those years smoking and well in
general not taking care of himself
finally caught up with mom on top of all
this he was suffering from ALS and not
very presentable he spoke to all the top
leaders via go-betweens no one got to
see Mao anymore
Morrow became increasingly unhappy with
his number two guy for over 40 years he
was angry about how Joe and live was
managing the new sino-us relationship
and after Brezhnev visited the US and
signed a peace treaty he thought China
was being used by the US and that Joe
had allowed this to happen Jung Chang
ever the opportunist and sensitive to
her husband's moods
read the dissatisfaction in Mao and
herself never having been a big fan of
joe and lai jian cheng moved on him and
launched a political attack on joe for
failing and looking out for china's best
interests in managing the new sino-us
relationship the
but Joe and a lot of hot water and in
his poor deteriorating health was forced
to endure a boatload of criticism CCP
style and no less a setting than the
Great Hall of the People the whole
upshot of all this was Joe got shoved
aside and mom put dung Xiao ping in
charge with the captainship of this new
relationship my like tot dong had
managed the Soviets back in the 50s and
60s and how he never backed down and
wasn't afraid to criticize them when the
time came for dung to offer up his
criticism of his lifelong mentor he did
it and Mao heard this and he said it was
good as a reward for his loyalty Dunn
was made a member of the Central
Military Commission Mao sought to this
personally
slowly dung began replacing Chou Enlai
at meetings where the premier would
normally have attended as for Doug's
role in the CMC it was a shocker to end
all shockers when Lin Biao made his
attempt on my life some serious stuff
was going on in the military any and all
Lin PIL loyalists were being routed out
my output yet yin yang and dung in
charge of reforming the military
structure after so many years of neglect
and downright abuse on April 10 1974
dung represents China at the United
Nations and makes his historic speech in
front of the General Assembly it's a
great moment for China on the world
stage and obviously boosted Dung's
prestige gen Ching had thoroughly fought
against selecting dung for this job
Mao told her to back down and the
decision was his while in New York City
dung visited Wall Street and his her
Vogel mentioned that not having much
money at all dung arranged for some
cheap 39 cent toys for his grandchildren
to be purchased from the now-defunct
Woolworths dung flew back to China by
way of Paris it was his first time back
since he left in 1926 he bought 200
croissants and several pounds of cheese
and divvied up these delicacies with Joe
and lye and Joe's wife dong-hyun chow as
well as other fellow comrades who spent
time in Paris with him in the 1920s by
June of 1974
Johanne lies stop meeting with
foreigners dong had now stepped into the
beloved premier shoes and was for the
time being
China's top diplomat in charge of
greeting any foreign dignitaries in town
it was around this time mid 1974 that
dung shopping started to let the USA
know that if they would take that leap
of faith and recognize the People's
Republic instead of Taiwan as the
legitimate government of China all kinds
of potential economic opportunities
awaited them
now at this time the head of the US
liaison office in China which served as
you know our unofficial embassy there
was none other than George Bush 41
father to George Bush 43 dung also hung
the bait in front of the American
academics he met with promising all
kinds of potential university exchange
programs I mean this was an exciting
time because everything we see today you
know in the new China was just getting
ready to start happening and you know
like mid 1974 by July 1974 Mao began to
tire of the Gang of Four they had gone
overboard in their attacks against Joe
and lie and had hijacked a campaign to
criticize limpio as a vehicle to go
after Joe instead finally Mao it had
enough gave him a stern rebuking use the
three characters that had defined these
for forever he called them a slur and
bung a gang of four by this time Joe and
lies living full-time in the hospital
he's still the premier but dong is
acting in his stead handling the myriad
of matters of state that normally were
carried out by Joe this was not good for
Jung Ching she was an enemy of dung
going way back she saw that Joe and I
was dying and dung his power was growing
she saw that ma was showing great trust
in dung and it was no secret that miles
days were numbered so Jeong Ching began
to get a little nervous about how she
made fear after Mao was gone and Don was
the man in charge already Mao could see
the whole
Cultural Revolution thing wasn't really
going too well and it was turning into a
variation of the same theme with the
Great Leap Forward policies Cultural
Revolution wrecked havoc on the Chinese
economy by August 74 a very decrepit Mao
met with regional military commanders
and called for stability in the face of
the destruction caused by the past eight
years of chaos on October 4th 1970
four-mile promoted dung to first vice
premier it was clear to all now that Mao
had made dung the air to Joanne lie this
was freakin jung-jae out and it's right
about now where the battle lines are
starting to be drawn all along it had
been thought at least amongst the
radicals and the Gang of Four that one
of their own John Quincy all would
succeed Joe as premier but now done came
along and spoiled everything this was a
real shocker to the Gang of Four dung
Xiao Peng was indeed no friend of theirs
so later on in October Jung Chang went
on the offensive and started attacking
dung publicly specifically a decision he
had had a hand in making to buy a
foreign made transport ship she really
seized on this one thing and in her
usual shrill and irrational way she
pointed at this decision by dung is the
indisputable proof of his love of all
things for and it is disdain for things
Chinese on October 17th at a meeting
attended by both dung and John Chiang
they got into a heated argument where
dung blew his top and stormed out of the
room he had finally had enough of Madame
Mao and her endless criticisms and
political attacks when word filtered
back to the Chairman about this incident
he came down hard on his wife and
publicly rebuked her you have to
remember by this time it's like another
mini battle of Red Cliffs brewing
beneath the surface between the
pragmatist led by dung and the radicals
led by John Chiang and the Gang of Four
and ultimately by Mao himself no matter
what all the way up to the very end no
way
ma was going to abandon his leftist
beliefs
he told Jung Chang to tone things down
but he didn't dismiss her in December of
1974 Mao Zedong and Joanne Lai these two
founding brothers of the PRC they met in
Changsha and Hunan and hashed out a
succession plan about what to do after
both of them passed away let's just say
that Mao finally appeal to reason and
the blueprint for who would be the next
generation of leaders was decided one
hong-won was still first vice-chairman
and therefore a formidable force to be
reckoned with it was decided that Wang
and dung would be the Chairman and
premier respectively January 1975 Joanne
Lai gives his farewell performance in
his work report before the National
People's Congress this was the last time
you appeared in public and when he
finished a speech he received a standing
and tearful ovation so done was
basically in charge of the government by
this time he wasn't the top guy in the
party yet Wow although on his last legs
was still around and as long as he was
around so was Wang hong-won who spoke
for the Gang of Four
thunk Xiao ping must have thought it was
deja vu all over again here he was in
charge but he didn't want to fall into
the same trap as right after the Great
Leap Forward if you recall he was tasked
with cleanup operations and he ended up
angering Mao with his unorthodox ways
kick-starting the economy now we had to
do the same thing again after the
economic and social devastation and
China caused by the Cultural Revolution
but he had to be careful cuz Mao was
still around and if he went too far like
he did last time in the early 60s he was
gonna get whacked again the schools and
universities were in bad shape they
served as hot beds for a radical
activity instead of temples for learning
this was another gigantic wait dung had
to carry not only did he quickly need to
set this right but at the same time
start the long-term planning to
cultivate a nation of future technocrats
dung spent much of 1975 reforming the
military as well he was no bureaucrat or
tition mucking around with the army dung
was a respected military man himself and
everyone knew he had paid his dues in
the 30s and 40s fighting in the
mountains against the Japanese and the
Nationalists so he had the street cred
go in and shake up the military and whip
it into shape and remember back then
China didn't even have a fraction of the
money they do these days so all the
things done Xiao ping envisioned in the
beginning were way too costly would have
to wait until after a period of economic
development dung had several allies to
counteract the political might of the
Gang of Four in Dung's corner were all
the military men yeah Jeanine Niranjan
tsuyu and others all men that went way
back with dung and were still a force to
be reckoned with this period in 1973 74
75 this period saw intense maneuvering
for power between the pragmatists led by
dung and the radicals led by the game
even though John Quincy all one of the
gang was head of the political end of
the PLA dung and his allies controlled
the real power in the military so
starting in 1975 China's military began
the long hard road back to where it had
once been before the Cultural Revolution
laid it to waste and turned it into a
propaganda machine rather than a machine
of national defense and although I
really wanted to stop today's episode at
the death of Chairman Mao I know you're
all looking at your watch as wishing
this half-hour installment might end
already so let's put a bookmark in it
right here and we'll have to continue on
next time we're still in 1975 and dongs
main job now as the acting premier for
all intents and purposes and remember
Joe and Lai is less than a year to live
he's a terrible shape don has to do what
he did last time in 1959 1960 after the
Great Leap
he has his mop in his bucket and he's
trying to clean up a mess that has
lasted for nine years and permeated
every single lymph node and Vil
of the china government military and
civilian society 1975 busy air for Deng
Xiaoping so we'll pick up in part five
later in the year in 1975 things are
really hiding up between the left and
right it's all leading up to 1976 one of
the most tumultuous years in the 20th
century for the PRC fireworks and
explosions will be going on all year so
hopefully we'll get to that in the next
episode of the stung shell ping overview
a free service from the China history
podcast.com anywho and it's in woosh she
doesn't want to hear any more chitchat
about my travels and has told me to get
on with the history so I'll try not to
wander off on that tangent anymore like
I do one more thing I'm trying to close
down my old web site and move the iTunes
feed to the new web site well when I say
I it's not really me it's someone who I
depend on so I wanted to get this
message out to all loyal listeners if by
any chance you noticed two weeks or more
goes by with nothing and there's no
tweets either I died or go to the web
site China history podcast com where
I'll post the latest news or check with
iTunes and I might have to ask y'alls to
do the unthinkable and that is to
subscribe to the show again using the
new feed and my most sincere and humble
apologies in advance if that situation
ends up being played out I've been using
Ezra Vogel's book as my main source I
recommend it if you're finding his life
interesting up till now everything I've
introduced up till now from his birth in
1904 until 1975 is covered in 103 pages
only and we're already starting dong
shel paying part 5 the balance 611 pages
of Vogel's book cover the last 20 years
of Dunn's life so it may be information
overload and I'll have to wade through
the vast ocean of info from this time
and trying
give you the Reader's Digest version
otherwise I'll have to change the name
of this program to the dumb shellping
podcast from Claremont in the Los
Angeles County California
lászló Montgomery signing off for now
but join us next week won't you for
another exciting episode of the China
history podcast